Set up is like a mix of Google Classroom and Google Meet, where upon logging in, user has list of classes available to join a meeting. A class always has a same meeting ID to join.
UI like Classroom after logging in, with Skeuomorphic icons to join a meet for a student. If the user is a teacher, then there is an option to create or join the meet.



Problem Statement: Develop an Interactive Design Layout / Scheme for the 
assigned application domain (sent via mail) covering various aspects 
covered till Mid-sem of the course that enhance the usability of the 
product. Factors such as 
Shneiderman Design principles, 
`Consistency - in buttons and icons
`Shortcuts - supports shortcuts
`Informative Feedback - PopUps and Dialogs
`Dialogs to yield closure - 
`easy reversal of actions - Ctrl + Q
`Error Prevention - Ask the user twice before joining or leaving the meeting
`Internal Locus of Control - doesn't go anywhere to the out of webpage.
`Reduce Short term memory load - Display only 4 classes per screen, scroll enabled.

Nielsen’s guidelines, 
Classical Design Laws such as Vital Few, 
Law of Learning, 
Mental Models, 
Closure, 
Learnability, 
Flexibility, 
Robustness, 
Primality, 
Recency, 
Serial Position Effect, 
Inverted Pyramid, 
Asimov’s Laws, 
etc.... 
This is only an illustrative list and you may exploit the concepts covered 
thus far to the product of assigned in an apt manner. (All concepts covered 
in the course so far..) 
You may depict your design as wireframes etc. 
And in a development platform of your choice. 
As explained in the class, generate a pdf of the overall work with screen shots and relevant explanations of HCI concepts w.r.t feature design and HCI / usability guidelines etc. 
With respect to the assigned application domain, cover basic features that would follow the 80-20 rule of HCI! 
You may add new features that would increase the usability of the product such as help systems or other aspects as a HCI Designer. 
When you submit the final report as a PDF let it be a as one overall PDF. 
The pdf / report should clearly highlight the HCI concept being considered, 
apt screen shots and major points that justify the HCI concept related to the specific feature of the product. 
Upload one overall pdf to the class room link
